cv.md, before:

# Full Name: Gulrukh Shakirova
## Phone: +998974434544 
## Email: gulshak55@mail.ru


















Имя и фамилия
Контакты для связи
Краткая информация о себе (ваша цель и приоритеты, подчеркните свои сильные стороны, расскажите о своём опыте работы, если опыта работы нет, расскажите о своём стремлении учиться и узнавать новое)
Навыки (языки программирования, фреймворки, методологии, системы контроля версий и инструменты разработки, которыми вы владеете)
Примеры кода
Опыт работы. Junior Dev может перечислить учебные проекты с указанием использованных навыков и ссылками на исходный код.
Образование (включая пройденные курсы и тренинги)
Английский язык (уровень английского языка, если была языковая практика, расскажите о ней)

function multiply(a, b){
 return a * b 
}

 using System;
  public static class Paper
  {
    public static int Paperwork(int n, int m)
    {
      if (n<0 || m<0)
      {
          return 0;
      }
      else{
        return n*m;
      }
      
    }
  }

Commit message:

docs: add information about me

cv.md, after:

# Gulrukh Shakirova
### Phone: +998974434544 
### Email: gulshak55@mail.ru
### Resume: [hh.uz](https://tashkent.hh.uz/applicant/resumes/view?resume=d01722ecff095892c30039ed1f3148796e3075) 
# About Me
Interested in using technology in business process to faster business process. Currently working in Cambridge International University in Tashkent as a Canvas Admin and IT Support. Because of hard working and IT background, I am promotred from Students Support Coordinator to Canvas Admin and IT Support. Interested in teaching and had expirience in Teaching.
I started this course to master Front End Development and continue my career path in Web Devepopment, as I am really into this sphere. additionally, it gives me to be flexiable and work online.
# Education 
In 2021 graduated WIUT with second class diploma. I studied in BIS faculty and learned many spheares of IT as System Analysis and Design, Network Operations, Database Management, Game Development, and Web Development. 
* Skills
   - HTML
   - CSS
   - Scss
   - Bootstrap 4
   - c#
   - IELTS 6.5
   - Russian 

### JavaScript
```
function multiply(a, b){
 return a * b 
}
```

### c#

```
 using System;
  public static class Paper
  {
    public static int Paperwork(int n, int m)
    {
      if (n<0 || m<0)
      {
          return 0;
      }
      else{
        return n*m;
      }
      
    }
  }
```
